Add comment checklist segment (#15)
makerdao/pe-checklists: spell/spell-reviewer-mainnet-checklist.md

  * [ ] Every _Section text_ from the Exec Sheet should be copied as comment to the spell code (above the code segment that implements the action)
    * [ ] is surrounded by the set of dashes (E.g. `// ----- Section text -----`)
  * [ ] Every _Instruction text_ Exec Sheet should be:
    * [ ] copied to the spell code as `// Instruction text`
    * [ ] have newline above it
  * [ ] Every `Reasoning URL` and `Authority URL` from the Exec Sheet should be present under relevant section or instruction in the spell code (depending on which row the link is present)
    * [ ] Every `Reasoning URL` and `Authority URL` should have prefix derived from the url itself
      * [ ] `// Executive Vote:` if URL starts with `https://vote.makerdao.com/executive/`
      * [ ] `// Poll:` if URL starts with `https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/`
      * [ ] `// Forum:` if URL starts with `https://forum.makerdao.com/t/`
      * [ ] `// MIP:` if URL starts with `https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/`
  * [ ] If action in the spell doesn't have relevant instruction (e.g.: `chainlog` version bump), it should have explanation prefixed with `// Note:`

>   * [ ] If an instruction can not be taken, add a comment under the instruction prefixed with `// Note:` (e.g.: `// Note: Payments are skipped on goerli`)

Reviewer: If you decided to make crafter and reviewer items a little bit different (`add` vs `it should have`) then you also need to edit those as well:

```suggestion
  * [ ] If an instruction can not be taken, it should have a comment under the instruction prefixed with `// Note:` (e.g.: `// Note: Payments are skipped on goerli`)
```
